[KB-244] Supervisor Feedback (#165)
chhoumann/thesis-chemcam: report_thesis/src/sections/introduction.tex

These models were identified and selected through a combination of extensive literature review and the consideration of unconventional approaches not typically covered in the \gls{libs}-based calibration literature.
The ten models fall into three categories: Ensemble learning models, linear and regularization models, and neural network models.
In addition to model exploration, we also investigate a selection of preprocessing techniques: scaling (including normalization), dimensionality reduction, and data transformation.

> Specifically, we designed and implemented a framework for experimental analysis using the automated hyperparameter optimization framework Optuna~\cite{optuna_2019}.

Reviewer: I think the Optuna part is best mentioned in the Method section, where we describe the whole thing. Especially since MLFlow plays a very large role, as well.

```suggestion
Specifically, we designed and implemented a framework for large-scale experimental analysis of models and data preprocessing steps.
```

Author: It was specifically requested by the supervisors that we name drop which framework in a previous feedback round.
